chore(release notes): Standardize headings and voice in Cloud and Enterprise changelogs (#1037)
seqeralabs/docs: changelog/seqera-cloud/v25.3.0_cycle33.md

tags: [seqera cloud]
---

## Feature updates and improvements

- **Studios**
  - Updated the **Add Studio** page to a single-step form.
- AWS Batch compute environments now use AmazonLinux2023-based AMIs by default, offering improved security (IMDSv2), better performance with gp3 EBS volumes, and a more recent kernel. Existing compute environments continue to function with AmazonLinux2 without changes, though we recommend migrating to newer compute environments before AmazonLinux2 reaches end-of-life in June 2026.

## Bug fixes

> - Fixed compute environment variables created without specifying a target environment (head or compute), which resulted in variables not applying during workflow execution. The system now validates that at least one target environment is specified, preventing invalid configurations and providing clear error messages.

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed compute environment variables created without specifying a target environment (head or compute), which resulted in variables not being applied during workflow execution. The system now validates that at least one target environment is specified, preventing invalid configurations and providing clear error messages.
```
